### Output

> Response: While tidying up is exhausting, disorder seems to arise automatically. But not only in the room, but in the entire universe. The increase of disorder is a fundamental principle of nature. In physics we speak of entropy, but we will continue to talk about disorder for understanding. That disorder arises so easily is a matter of probability. It is possible that you mix a card game and the cards are sorted perfectly afterwards, so in perfect order. But there are 8 times 10 to the power of 67 possible arrangements for a card game. Sorting by number and color is only one of these possibilities. This makes the chance for an improper arrangement incredibly large. There are an incredible number of possibilities how the objects can lie on the desk. But the number of possibilities that represent a disorder is huge in contrast to the possibilities for order. Again, the chance for an improper desk is incredibly large. You can now talk about disorder of distribution. If the pencils are in a map, they are distributed in a very small area. If we tilt them on the desk, we increase the area in which the pencils can be located. They are distributed over the entire desk. The disorder has increased. If we let a child play in his room, it will distribute his toys all over the floor. If we open a second room, it will drag the stuff there as well. If the area of residence increases, there are more possibilities for distribution and thus more disorder. This is exactly what is always the case in the universe. After the Big Bang, the universe was dense and thus orderly. But over time, it becomes larger and thus more distributed, more disorderly. This makes the increase of disorder a basic property of our universe. But we humans are nothing more than a form of disorder. In order for our bodies to function, there must be structure, from the atoms to the cells to the organs. Life is a very high form of order. Isn't the creation of living beings a movement in the unnatural direction, from disorderly to orderly? Disorder can lead to order, if disorder arises in another place. This is the rule. The food we eat contains stored energy in organized chemical compounds. If we exclude them, the energy is poor and disorganized. In order to maintain and function our order, we cause more and more disorder in our environment. Especially due to the heat we emit and a high form of disorder. It reaches the universe over time and drives the process of distribution forward. If you look at the whole universe, we can't create order. Every time you order, your body takes care of everything it emits for an even greater disorder in another place. In short, you cause even more disorder when you clean up.